Ziyi v0.5.0 (#182)
kuzudb/kuzu-docs: src/content/docs/extensions/httpfs.md

| AWS S3 secret key | S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY |
| AWS S3 default endpoint | S3_ENDPOINT |
| AWS S3 default region | S3_REGION |

## ATTACH remote kuzu database

> HTTP filesystem also allows user to attach a remote(S3, HTTPS) hosted kuzu database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP filesystem also allows you to attach a remote (S3, HTTPS) hosted Kùzu database.
```

```sql
ATTACH [DB_PATH] AS [alias] (dbtype kuzu)
```

> - `DB_PATH`: Path to the remote filesystem. (Can either be a S3 or HTTP url)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DB_PATH`: Path to the remote filesystem (can either be a S3 or HTTP URL)
```

> - `alias`: Database alias to use in Kùzu - If not provided, the database name from DuckDB will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `alias`: Database alias to use - If not provided, the database name from Kùzu will be used.
```

  When attaching multiple databases, it's recommended to use aliasing.

The below example shows how the `university.db` kuzu database hosted on S3 can be attached to Kùzu using
the alias `uw`:

```sql
ATTACH 's3://kuzu-example/university' AS uw (dbtype kuzu);
```

> Note: After attaching a remote kuzu database, users no longer have access to the original local kuzu database. Default database is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::danger[Note]
After attaching a remote Kùzu database, users no longer have access to the original local Kùzu database. The default database is
```

switched to the attached remote kuzu database right after the `attach` statement and users can only query the remote kuzu database.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::
```

#### Execute queries on remote kuzu database.

> Note: only read-only queries are allowed to execute on remote kuzu database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: We only allow read-only queries to execute on remote Kùzu database (no writes).
```
